This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. Orkut is a general purpose social network. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. com. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. 4. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. 6 The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. Selecting Applications. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. Organization and contributions. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. We describe details below.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Amza et al. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. Status We measure status in three ways. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. To create the user graph cf. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. However  , current approaches e.g. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . While pull-based development e.g. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Section 6 summarizes related work. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. The rest of the order was preserved intact. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Answers and Quora. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. Example 2. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . , biblio. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. Example. 24 TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. Awareness. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Orkut is a large social networking website. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. Prolific Developers. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. and provide similar products and services e.g. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . Candidate Term Selection. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. link to a KB task. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. We divide our experiments into two parts. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. There are 106 queries in the collection. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Knowledge enrichment. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. WikiWars. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. , Walmart  , McDonald's . Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. in two different ways. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. 7 . Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. 3 Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. the various categories. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. We begin by giving an overview of related work. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . Orkut. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. meet the soft deadline. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. . Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. , Feng et al. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. Nasdaq. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. We provide more evidence of this below. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " The Stack Overflow ! In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. Community Value. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Data sets. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . 4  , Requirement 15. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. ACSys made that data available in two ways. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. In total  , there are 44 features. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. We analyzed two affiliation networks. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. Dataset. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. , those who the user follows. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Table 1. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. , Walmart due to their low cost. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. 3. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Since this context e.g. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. Relative importance of motivational factors. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. Garcia et al. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. Most participants were from North America or Europe. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Orkut also offers friend relationship. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. §2 presents related work. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? and WT2g. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. The Item_basic data service is read-only. were detailed earlier in this document. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. entity. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. , disk. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Performance Data. Selection Criteria. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. 2. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. Pull Requests in Github. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. Which identities benefit the most ? Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Datasets. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. , age > m is 0. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. Nasehi et al. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Transparency. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. We review related work in TDT briefly here. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. for functional languages — would be less justified. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. Voat has more people to talk to. " The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . All other buffer pool pages are preserved. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. The error bars are standard errors of the means. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. Through Github facilities. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. .  We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . We are currently investigating this hypothesis. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. An example is provided in Figure 2. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. E.g. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. Generalizability – Transferability. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. Pyramid. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. , fbis8T and fbis8L. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. This section of the schema is not mandatory. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. editors  , actors and CEOs. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. We prepare two datasets for experiments. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. , 2012. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. We recall that experienced community members viz. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Neurological: He is awake and alert. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. We list them here to explain our study design. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. Spertus et al. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Other work Ottoni et al. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. Chafkin 2012. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. shtml. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. It is not clear. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. platform Activity. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Training corpus changes. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. BRIGHTKITE. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Question Topics. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. 1. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS.