Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs.  Number of reported bugs. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. Which identities benefit the most ? Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. This ensures that users can access the resource itself. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Our method is a hybrid generative-discriminative method where the term weights represent a generative model and the linear discriminant represents a discriminative model of the classification problem . When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. Large Linked Datasets. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. , 7. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Relative importance of motivational factors. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. Information for this result can be found in 8. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. WebKB. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. Orkut is a general purpose social network. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. platform Activity. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. Neurological: He is awake and alert. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. Datasets. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Park et al. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. of patents and documents in a weighted way. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. The Item_basic data service is read-only. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. Voat has more people to talk to. " The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. User lifespan. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. Nasdaq. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. For various subsets of the datasets discussed above  , we choose number of topics as twice the number of classes. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. WikiWars. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. Section 6 summarizes related work. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . 3. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. The NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. Selection Criteria. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. Nasehi et al. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. Dataset. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. An example is provided in Figure 2. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. There are 106 queries in the collection. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Community Value. For Spam data set  , we give classification accuracies for each user inbox. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Each emulated client represents a virtual user. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. We start by building a pairwise classification model using linear kernel SVM 4 20 We randomly sample 80 ,000 pairs of tweets from the RepLab 2013 training dataset  , keeping the true and false classes balanced. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Analogously to term features  , we compute the semantic features semantic_jaccard  , semantic_lin_cf and semantic_lin_tfidf over the bag-of-entities tweet representation. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Amza et al. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. Answers while others could be more general e.g. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. Craigslist. 4 and is not applicable here. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. Generalizability – Transferability. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. and WT2g. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. About 300 training documents were available per topic. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. on the basis of scholarly usage. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. , Walmart  , McDonald's . CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. concludes this paper. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. Organization and contributions. EM algorithm. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . For getting the informative words  , i.e. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. Performance Data. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. We analyzed two affiliation networks. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. Training Label Set Y0. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. , those who the user follows. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. 3.3. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. in two different ways. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Orkut also offers friend relationship. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. As we have seen in our experiments  , a HAC algorithm over term similarity outperforms all the RepLab systems: this is another evidence that corroborates the issue of data sparsity in our Online Reputation Monitoring problem. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. ACSys made that data available in two ways. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Data sets. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. We begin by giving an overview of related work. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Choi et al. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. Recommendations to Groups. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. on whether the street is in or near a park. 24 From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. 6 Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. We observe similar trends in Quora. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. , 2012. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. The differences we have detected could be irrelevant or misleading if both our baseline and contrastive systems were below state-of-the-art results. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . Ontological propagation. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. It is not clear. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. 1. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Although the absolute performance of the best learned function seems low 0.63 accuracy  , we will see in the following sections that  , once the classification confidence is used as similarity measure  , it leads to the best topic detection performance reported on the RepLab dataset so far. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. dmoz.org. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. However  , current approaches e.g. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. Krizhevsky et al. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Therefore  , we compare our approach with two competitive systems from RepLab 2013:  Best RepLab 34. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . 4. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. entity. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. 2. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. TaggerEvaluation. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. These terms are slightly different morphologically. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. Technorati. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. were detailed earlier in this document. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. E.g. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. and was called MEDLEE. Query-side ontological propagation. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. Fig.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Mainstream Media Collection. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. Pull Requests in Github. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Pyramid. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. These values are rather low. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. We highlight our contributions and key results below. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. link to a KB task. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. Selecting Applications. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. Orkut. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. His visual fields are intact. Data Collection and Cleaning. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. Example 2. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. for functional languages — would be less justified. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. While pull-based development e.g. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. , 2010. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. Overflow. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. Through Github facilities.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. 9. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine Candidate Term Selection. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. Garcia et al. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . Prolific Developers. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. The best system in the official RepLab 2013 evaluation campaign 2. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. , biblio. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Full-life view for users in Reddit. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. </narrative> </topic> Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. 14. we did not filter based on the concept scores. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. We report the classification accuracy for spam data set  , and the mean and standard deviation of classification accuracy for movie and SRAA data sets calculated over 5 runs of the algorithms. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " In total  , there are 44 features. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. In summary  , most signals in our study are able to improve the classification process with statistical significance over the use of term-based features only  , and their combination gives the best performance. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. , age > m is 0. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. Table 1 Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. , Feng et al. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Edge Density. , mediaeval history. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . The second run is with synonyms. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. , Walmart due to their low cost. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. 1: 1. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. The rest of the order was preserved intact. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. Orkut is a large social networking website. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. Missing important tweets and news items about an entity of interest can be disastrous and expensive 9. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. Failure case. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. , FC7. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. 5. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. The edge density of this group is 0.476. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. Nevertheless  , all systems benefit similarly from the normalization and it does not produce any change in the official ranking is the performance of our systems on a case-per-case basis. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de Training corpus changes. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. The error bars are standard errors of the means. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. The Stack Overflow ! . Spertus et al. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. Example. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. Thus both clusters are left intact. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. exact string match  , normalised string match. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. Besides the two systems described in detail in §3.5  , RepLab participation included both supervised and unsupervised techniques. , fbis8T and fbis8L. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. For Movie and SRAA data sets  , we give the mean and standard deviation of the classification accuracies over five runs of the classifiers with each run using randomly chosen examples for training and testing. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. IV. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. Qi et al. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. From Fig. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. Section 4 describes our implementation. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. We provide more evidence of this below. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . 4  , Requirement 15. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . Xanga. We divide our experiments into two parts. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. 2007URLs. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. 3 The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. The distribution of training and testing sets are similar for the Movie and the SRAA data sets. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. In Fig. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . Queries are automatically expanded before search. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Question Topics. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. We recall that experienced community members viz. 7 . For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. On one hand  , different clustering techniques such as HAC  , VOS clustering 9—a community detection algorithm—and K-star 33 were used by the participants. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. Knowledge enrichment. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. meet the soft deadline. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. Since this context e.g. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. post/pole and wall/fence. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2766462.2767839 previously been considered in various settings: at the WePS-3 evaluation effort 1  and as part of the RepLab 2012 and 2013 chal- lenges 2  , 3. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. There are a number of future directions for this work. Hilliness. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. Maintenance. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. BRIGHTKITE. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. We now turn to the experiments on the Topic Detection Task. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Projections. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Awareness. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. Chafkin 2012. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. We prepare two datasets for experiments. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. We list them here to explain our study design. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Transparency. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. , BlogPulse and Technorati. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. editors  , actors and CEOs. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. Report-side ontological propagation. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. Answers and Quora. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. .  Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. §2 presents related work. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. To create the user graph cf. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400.