The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. , fbis8T and fbis8L. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as The To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. dmoz.org. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. , age > m is 0. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. on the basis of scholarly usage. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. of patents and documents in a weighted way. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. 24 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. Projections. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. Knowledge enrichment. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. Intuitively  , this makes sense. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. 2007URLs. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. From Fig. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. We prepare two datasets for experiments. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. , mediaeval history. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. 1: 1. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. We analyzed two affiliation networks. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. Table 1 The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. 3. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. For getting the informative words  , i.e. We review related work in TDT briefly here. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. An example is provided in Figure 2. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. Nasdaq. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. WikiWars. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. , 7. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. About 300 training documents were available per topic. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. which is a global quantity but measured locally. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA.