We are currently investigating this hypothesis. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. were detailed earlier in this document. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. We review related work in TDT briefly here. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. . Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. 1. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. The error bars are standard errors of the means. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. Recently  , Popescu et al. There are 106 queries in the collection. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. , Feng et al. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. and WT2g. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. 24 In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. §2 presents related work. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. Deduction rules. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. Since this context e.g. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . There are a number of future directions for this work. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. , age > m is 0. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. 4 and is not applicable here. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. E.g. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. and provide similar products and services e.g. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. shtml. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Technorati. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. in two different ways. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. , 2012. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. We recall that experienced community members viz. Garcia et al. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. It is not clear. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. Which identities benefit the most ? The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. Nasehi et al. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. Example 2. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. However. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. ACSys made that data available in two ways. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. Community Value. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. Other work Ottoni et al. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. 3 For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. Performance Data. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. There are several avenues for future work. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. We prepare two datasets for experiments. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. Maintenance. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. 7 . To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. To create the user graph cf. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. , Walmart. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . In total  , there are 44 features. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. The Stack Overflow ! While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . TDT project has its own evaluation plan. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. The Item_basic data service is read-only. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. Pyramid. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. Fig. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations .