This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. About 300 training documents were available per topic. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. Fig. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 1. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. 1  , " EconStor Results " . These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. Technorati. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. 12. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. 24 As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Failure case. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. , age > m is 0. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. in two different ways. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. Dataset. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Projections. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Nasdaq. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. 2. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. 3. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. We prepare two datasets for experiments. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. </narrative> </topic> Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. , 2012. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. The error bars are standard errors of the means. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. 2007URLs.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. We analyzed two affiliation networks. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. TaggerEvaluation. post/pole and wall/fence. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . In total  , there are 44 features. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. , fbis8T and fbis8L. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. For getting the informative words  , i.e. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. From Fig. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . 4 and is not applicable here. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. Table 1 In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001.