Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Table 1. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. , age > m is 0. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. Edge Density. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. The Item_basic data service is read-only. TaggerEvaluation. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. There are several avenues for future work. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. We describe details below. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. User lifespan. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Data Collection and Cleaning. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . Orkut also offers friend relationship. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. We begin by giving an overview of related work. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. We highlight our contributions and key results below. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. Pull Requests in Github. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. concludes this paper. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. . Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. Selecting Applications. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Transparency. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. These values are rather low. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. Generalizability – Transferability. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. 4. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. the various categories. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. 3. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. Most participants were from North America or Europe. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. 07 and the participant's papers for details. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. which is a global quantity but measured locally. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. author  , and action e.g. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. Performance Data. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. Awareness. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. Selection Criteria. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. 1: 1. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. , mediaeval history. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. 24 We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Chafkin 2012. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. Recently  , Popescu et al. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. Other work Ottoni et al. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. 4 and is not applicable here. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. Craigslist. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Quora. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. §2 presents related work. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. Orkut is a large social networking website. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . Section 6 summarizes related work. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. The edge density of this group is 0.476. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. Datasets. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. editors  , actors and CEOs. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. ing monthly harvest of fruits. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. Prolific Developers. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. Answers and Quora. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. 1. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. .  While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. For getting the informative words  , i.e. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. 2. Which identities benefit the most ? Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood.  Number of reported bugs. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? The project has been collecting data since February 2012. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. Orkut. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. Maintenance. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. However. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. 6 We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Large Linked Datasets. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. on the basis of scholarly usage. Training corpus changes. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. BRIGHTKITE. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. Experimental results. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. Park et al. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. We observe similar trends in Quora. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. In Fig. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. There are a number of future directions for this work. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Spertus et al. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. , Feng et al. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. IV. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . We divide our experiments into two parts. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. Textual memes. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Fig. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. for functional languages — would be less justified. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf.