These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Collections. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Orkut is a general purpose social network. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Chafkin 2012. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. 4 and is not applicable here. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. About 300 training documents were available per topic. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. Information for this result can be found in 8. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. Large Linked Datasets. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. 3 In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. , age > m is 0. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. 6 Technorati. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. ACSys made that data available in two ways. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. concludes this paper. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . From Fig. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Knowledge enrichment. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. Most participants were from North America or Europe. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. There are a number of future directions for this work. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. Recently  , Popescu et al. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. While pull-based development e.g. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. WebKB. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Projections. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . Question Topics. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. 4. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy.  Number of reported bugs. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. Which identities benefit the most ? The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. entity. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. The Stack Overflow ! We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. The rest of the order was preserved intact. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. </narrative> </topic> The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Pyramid. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. §2 presents related work. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. Failure case. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. There are several avenues for future work. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Spertus et al. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The Item_basic data service is read-only. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . However  , current approaches e.g. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. and WT2g. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. meet the soft deadline. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. We prepare two datasets for experiments. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. the various categories. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. , disk. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. Section 4 describes our implementation. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. 12. It is not clear. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. In Fig. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. We review related work in TDT briefly here. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Data sets. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Orkut. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. 2007URLs. 3. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. Orkut also offers friend relationship. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. , biblio. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. Performance Data. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded 2. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. 07 and the participant's papers for details. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. For getting the informative words  , i.e. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Textual memes. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Since this context e.g. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. There are 106 queries in the collection. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. E.g. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. , 2012. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. Orkut is a large social networking website. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. Garcia et al. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. .  The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . 24 Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. In total  , there are 44 features. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. 1  , " EconStor Results " . This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Nasehi et al. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. . but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. for functional languages — would be less justified. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. WikiWars. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. The error bars are standard errors of the means. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. , those who the user follows. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. Other work Ottoni et al. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. , Feng et al. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Fig. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. , fbis8T and fbis8L. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Amza et al. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. post/pole and wall/fence. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. We divide our experiments into two parts. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. These values are rather low. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. ing monthly harvest of fruits. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. , BlogPulse and Technorati. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. To create the user graph cf. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Selecting Applications. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Transparency. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. IV. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Prolific Developers. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. Community Value. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. We recall that experienced community members viz. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. Table 1 Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g.