After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Garcia et al. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. WikiWars. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. Selection Criteria. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Knowledge enrichment. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . Data sets. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Through Github facilities. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. Quora. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? , biblio. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. , fbis8T and fbis8L. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Datasets. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. There are several avenues for future work. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. Textual memes. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. His visual fields are intact. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. Experimental results. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. link to a KB task. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. Park et al. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. 6 Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. EM algorithm. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. User lifespan. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. Thus both clusters are left intact. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. 5. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. In total  , there are 44 features. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Maintenance. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. In Fig. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. Xanga. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Information for this result can be found in 8. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. About 300 training documents were available per topic. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. The rest of the order was preserved intact. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. 3.3. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. editors  , actors and CEOs. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. 4  , Requirement 15. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We highlight our contributions and key results below. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . Large Linked Datasets. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. The error bars are standard errors of the means. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. Answers and Quora. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. We observe similar trends in Quora. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Projections. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. Example. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . shtml. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. However. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. , 2012. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Transparency. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. Amza et al. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. 3. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. , disk. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. From Fig. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. Prolific Developers. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. Deduction rules. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . in two different ways. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. Craigslist. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Most participants were from North America or Europe. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Recommendations to Groups. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. meet the soft deadline. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. Generalizability – Transferability. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. Performance Data. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. 2. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. We describe details below. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. Awareness. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. 4. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. Training corpus changes. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. There are a number of future directions for this work. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. The Item_basic data service is read-only. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. For getting the informative words  , i.e. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. 2007URLs. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . 1. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. Section 6 summarizes related work. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. the various categories. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. Pull Requests in Github. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. for functional languages — would be less justified. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. We begin by giving an overview of related work. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. </narrative> </topic> For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. .  For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. There are 106 queries in the collection. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet.