OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Maintenance. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. §2 presents related work. Fig. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. concludes this paper. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . Each emulated client represents a virtual user. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. Table 1 This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. 12. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. However  , current approaches e.g. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. 2. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. Deduction rules. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. 2007URLs. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. There are several avenues for future work. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . This ensures that users can access the resource itself. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. c TripAdvisor. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Answers while others could be more general e.g. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . Failure case. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. The Item_basic data service is read-only. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. Which identities benefit the most ? The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. We list them here to explain our study design. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. It is not clear. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. Collections. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. dmoz.org. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. ing monthly harvest of fruits. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. post/pole and wall/fence. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator .  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. We highlight our contributions and key results below. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. Other work Ottoni et al. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. About 300 training documents were available per topic. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. This section of the schema is not mandatory. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. Projections. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. Craigslist. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Garcia et al. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. shtml. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. , those who the user follows. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. Chafkin 2012. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. E.g. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " Performance Data. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . IV. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. , Feng et al. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2.