After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. meet the soft deadline. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. Section 6 summarizes related work. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. of patents and documents in a weighted way. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. Section 4 describes our implementation. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www.