Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . link to a KB task. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. 3 Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. However  , current approaches e.g. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Deduction rules. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. About 300 training documents were available per topic. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. </narrative> </topic> We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. of patents and documents in a weighted way. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. Garcia et al. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. 2007URLs. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Knowledge enrichment. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. E.g. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. User lifespan. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. Transparency. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. It is not clear. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. Maintenance. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Example 2. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. , Walmart. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. , Walmart due to their low cost. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. There are several avenues for future work. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. We begin by giving an overview of related work. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. for functional languages — would be less justified. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. BRIGHTKITE. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. EM algorithm. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. and WT2g. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. the various categories. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. Pyramid. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. Information for this result can be found in 8. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Krizhevsky et al. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. Selection Criteria. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. post/pole and wall/fence. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. Overflow. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. Experimental results. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. Status We measure status in three ways. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. dmoz.org. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Craigslist. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . platform Activity. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Nasehi et al. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Since this context e.g. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. 2. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. Relative importance of motivational factors. Example. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. 5. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Voat has more people to talk to. " The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. entity. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. were detailed earlier in this document. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. There are a number of future directions for this work. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. His visual fields are intact. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. 7 . Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley.  Number of reported bugs. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . Fig. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. IV. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. 3. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. Community Value. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . In Fig. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. 07 and the participant's papers for details. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. Table 1 However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. com. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. Park et al. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . .  Amza et al. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . The Stack Overflow ! ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. Most participants were from North America or Europe. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. While pull-based development e.g. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. Through Github facilities. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . We recall that experienced community members viz. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. To create the user graph cf. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. Pull Requests in Github. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? 12. TaggerEvaluation. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. concludes this paper. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. Full-life view for users in Reddit. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Organization and contributions. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. shtml. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W .  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. Question Topics. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ?  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Performance Data. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Failure case. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. and provide similar products and services e.g. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. , 2012. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. The rest of the order was preserved intact. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. , disk. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. Thus both clusters are left intact. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. Awareness. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. Table 1. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Selecting Applications. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Textual memes. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system.