This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. , 7. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. 07 and the participant's papers for details. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. Example. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. Table 1 These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. 2007URLs. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Orkut is a large social networking website. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. Spertus et al. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. , disk. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. were detailed earlier in this document. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. Dataset. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. An example is provided in Figure 2. Orkut is a general purpose social network. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. His visual fields are intact. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Orkut. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. Thus both clusters are left intact. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. We divide our experiments into two parts. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. However. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. , fbis8T and fbis8L. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. The rest of the order was preserved intact. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . 4  , Requirement 15. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Neurological: He is awake and alert. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. Maintenance. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. and WT2g. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. Nasdaq. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. We analyzed two affiliation networks. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. ACSys made that data available in two ways. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. 3.3. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. 5. About 300 training documents were available per topic. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. dmoz.org. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Orkut also offers friend relationship. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 .  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450.