However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Most participants were from North America or Europe. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Community Value. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. IV. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. shtml. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Experimental results. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. 4. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Example. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. Since this context e.g. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. , fbis8T and fbis8L. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? Neurological: He is awake and alert. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. Awareness. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. entity. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. Nasdaq. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . The project has been collecting data since February 2012. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Orkut is a large social networking website. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Textual memes. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. The Stack Overflow ! We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. ing monthly harvest of fruits. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. Prolific Developers. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . 6 In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. Orkut. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. Selection Criteria. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. We analyzed two affiliation networks. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. An example is provided in Figure 2. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. Candidate Term Selection. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. Transparency. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. The Item_basic data service is read-only. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Overflow. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Generalizability – Transferability. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. concludes this paper. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. There are several avenues for future work. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. , BlogPulse and Technorati. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. Edge Density. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. , 7. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. EM algorithm. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. Nasehi et al. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. Pull Requests in Github. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. The edge density of this group is 0.476. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . the various categories. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. Garcia et al. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. 3. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . Groups play a very important role in WeChat. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. Pyramid. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. Thus both clusters are left intact. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. We divide our experiments into two parts. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. Mainstream Media Collection. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. Recommendations to Groups. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. To create the user graph cf. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. Information for this result can be found in 8. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. Amza et al. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . 4  , Requirement 15. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. Selecting Applications. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. User lifespan. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships.