Orkut is a general purpose social network. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. we did not filter based on the concept scores. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. Transparency. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. We divide our experiments into two parts. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. exact string match  , normalised string match. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. Orkut. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. , mediaeval history. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. Mainstream Media Collection. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. Report-side ontological propagation. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Experimental results. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. . Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Table 1 To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. Textual memes. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. com. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. Pyramid. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. In Fig. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Collections. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. ing monthly harvest of fruits. We recall that experienced community members viz. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. 14. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. WikiWars. This section of the schema is not mandatory. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. Queries are automatically expanded before search. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. and was called MEDLEE. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . and provide similar products and services e.g. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. The edge density of this group is 0.476. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . We analyzed two affiliation networks. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. are ignored i.e. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. Table 1. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. Prolific Developers. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Selection Criteria. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. In total  , there are 44 features. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. Ontological propagation. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. Park et al. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. Data Collection and Cleaning. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. , Walmart due to their low cost. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. The second run is with synonyms. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. for functional languages — would be less justified. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Question Topics. Nasdaq. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. We highlight our contributions and key results below. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. dmoz.org. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Orkut also offers friend relationship. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. 2.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Knowledge enrichment. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. We prepare two datasets for experiments. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Dataset. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . ACSys made that data available in two ways. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Nasehi et al. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. We list them here to explain our study design. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. Query-side ontological propagation. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. c TripAdvisor. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. , 7. There are 106 queries in the collection. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. the various categories. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Pull Requests in Github. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. Candidate Term Selection. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Selecting Applications. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. , Walmart  , McDonald's . 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Since this context e.g. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. Generalizability – Transferability. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. An example is provided in Figure 2. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . TDT project has its own evaluation plan. 4 and is not applicable here. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. .  Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. For getting the informative words  , i.e. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. , 2010. The error bars are standard errors of the means. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. Spertus et al. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. However. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. Choi et al. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. f Xanga web-link categories User lifespan. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. in two different ways. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. and WT2g. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. Through Github facilities. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . Community Value. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Orkut is a large social networking website. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. 6 In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. Most participants were from North America or Europe. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. Technorati. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Craigslist. These terms are slightly different morphologically. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. Applications of social influence in social media. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. Xanga. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: were detailed earlier in this document. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. , Walmart. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. 2007URLs. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. Edge Density. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. About 300 training documents were available per topic. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Answers while others could be more general e.g. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives.