One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. , biblio. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. 5. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Status We measure status in three ways. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Nasehi et al. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. WebKB. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. . A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Recently  , Popescu et al. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. on the basis of scholarly usage. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. Question Topics. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. The rest of the order was preserved intact. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 .  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Full-life view for users in Reddit. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. These values are rather low. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. His visual fields are intact. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. WikiWars. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . The Stack Overflow ! The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . Community Value. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. 1: 1. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Information for this result can be found in 8. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. We recall that experienced community members viz. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Thus both clusters are left intact. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Neurological: He is awake and alert. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. Xanga. Intuitively  , this makes sense. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. The Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . entity. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. 2. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. Organization and contributions. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. There are a number of future directions for this work. , 2012. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. From Fig. Since this context e.g. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. , disk. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. §2 presents related work. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. To create the user graph cf. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. Pyramid. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. f Xanga web-link categories Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. 4  , Requirement 15. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. Other work Ottoni et al. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. platform Activity. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Fig. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. 3. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. , fbis8T and fbis8L. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. , Feng et al. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Voat has more people to talk to. " According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. 3 It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . Overflow. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . </narrative> </topic> This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. , those who the user follows. author  , and action e.g. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein.