Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. in two different ways. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Recommendations to Groups. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. 1. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. Data sets. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. In total  , there are 44 features. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. link to a KB task. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. These values are rather low. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. were detailed earlier in this document. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. The error bars are standard errors of the means.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. and WT2g. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. 3. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. 4. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. There are 106 queries in the collection. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. WebKB. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . ACSys made that data available in two ways. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort.