To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. , biblio. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. Hilliness. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Edge Density. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. The edge density of this group is 0.476. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. However  , current approaches e.g. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. OpenStreetMap. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. Recommendations to Groups. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. on whether the street is in or near a park. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. OpenStreetMap OSM. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree.