Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. Recently  , Popescu et al. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. While pull-based development e.g. Generalizability – Transferability. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. , those who the user follows. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. Most participants were from North America or Europe. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. . The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset.  Number of reported bugs. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Which identities benefit the most ? We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. Dataset. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. for functional languages — would be less justified. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. Transparency. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? , BlogPulse and Technorati. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Other work Ottoni et al. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. Pull Requests in Github. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Prolific Developers. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . We analyzed two affiliation networks. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. the various categories. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. §2 presents related work. Fig. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Selecting Applications. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. which is a global quantity but measured locally. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. Chafkin 2012. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. , Feng et al. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. In Fig. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Awareness. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. .  Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain.