As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. Transparency. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. Neurological: He is awake and alert. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. dmoz.org. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. Section 4 describes our implementation. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. The rest of the order was preserved intact. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Most participants were from North America or Europe. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. 2. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " 1: 1. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. , disk. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Technorati. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. 2007URLs. Knowledge enrichment. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. His visual fields are intact. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. entity. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Nasehi et al. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. WikiWars. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. Prolific Developers. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Maintenance. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur.  Number of reported bugs. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Generalizability – Transferability. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Community Value. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. for functional languages — would be less justified. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. 4 and is not applicable here. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Deduction rules. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Overflow. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Table 1 The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Pull Requests in Github. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. The error bars are standard errors of the means. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. Edge Density. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. the various categories. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. f Xanga web-link categories F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . This diagram primarily serves as a reference. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. Example. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. 3. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. The edge density of this group is 0.476. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. The Stack Overflow ! We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. concludes this paper. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. Section 6 summarizes related work. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. While pull-based development e.g. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. on the basis of scholarly usage. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Question Topics. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. 6 Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. Through Github facilities. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. To create the user graph cf. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. 4  , Requirement 15. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. Pyramid. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. .  To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. 1. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. Since this context e.g. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. Data sets. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. ing monthly harvest of fruits. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well.