Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. for functional languages — would be less justified. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. Prolific Developers. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. .  We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. Large Linked Datasets. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. shtml. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. The Item_basic data service is read-only. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. 4 and is not applicable here. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. IV. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. 2. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. From Fig. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. Transparency. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. In Fig. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. the various categories. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. Selection Criteria. Selecting Applications. Pull Requests in Github. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. Most participants were from North America or Europe. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e.  Number of reported bugs. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Candidate Term Selection. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . Each emulated client represents a virtual user. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. Intuitively  , this makes sense. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Generalizability – Transferability. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Mainstream Media Collection. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. Through Github facilities. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. Awareness. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research.