The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. Section 6 summarizes related work. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. Park et al. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. Section 4 describes our implementation. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. Applications of social influence in social media. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Craigslist. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. There are a number of future directions for this work. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. WebKB. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . We highlight our contributions and key results below. 3. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. Recommendations to Groups. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. Answers while others could be more general e.g. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . c TripAdvisor. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. 4. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded.