Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. and was called MEDLEE. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. We begin by giving an overview of related work. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. Knowledge enrichment. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . , news  , blogs  , videos etc. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. </narrative> </topic> The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. , 2010. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . Ontological propagation. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. are ignored i.e. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Qi et al. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Choi et al. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. 14. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. Query-side ontological propagation. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. These terms are slightly different morphologically. The second run is with synonyms. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. 3. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. WikiWars. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. . Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Report-side ontological propagation. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al.