These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. An example is provided in Figure 2. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. Edge Density. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Knowledge enrichment. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. From Fig. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . We highlight our contributions and key results below. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . 2. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Applications of social influence in social media. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Data Collection and Cleaning. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. Nasdaq. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. Dataset. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. Answers while others could be more general e.g. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data.