We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far . These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Orkut is a large social networking website. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. Orkut is a general purpose social network. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. We divide our experiments into two parts. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Orkut also offers friend relationship. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Spertus et al. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17.the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies