, Walmart due to their low cost. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. In summary  , most signals in our study are able to improve the classification process with statistical significance over the use of term-based features only  , and their combination gives the best performance. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2766462.2767839 previously been considered in various settings: at the WePS-3 evaluation effort 1  and as part of the RepLab 2012 and 2013 chal- lenges 2  , 3. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. OpenStreetMap OSM. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. We begin by giving an overview of related work. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . , 2010. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 .  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. Xanga. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. However. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . post/pole and wall/fence. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. Although the absolute performance of the best learned function seems low 0.63 accuracy  , we will see in the following sections that  , once the classification confidence is used as similarity measure  , it leads to the best topic detection performance reported on the RepLab dataset so far. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. , 2012. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. Spertus et al. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. author  , and action e.g. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. Missing important tweets and news items about an entity of interest can be disastrous and expensive 9. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. Orkut is a general purpose social network. The edge density of this group is 0.476. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. , Walmart. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. The error bars are standard errors of the means. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. We highlight our contributions and key results below. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. Nasdaq. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. ACSys made that data available in two ways. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. E.g. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. These terms are slightly different morphologically. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. Nevertheless  , all systems benefit similarly from the normalization and it does not produce any change in the official ranking is the performance of our systems on a case-per-case basis. Orkut is a large social networking website. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. and was called MEDLEE. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. , fbis8T and fbis8L. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. The differences we have detected could be irrelevant or misleading if both our baseline and contrastive systems were below state-of-the-art results. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. , mediaeval history. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. User lifespan. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . 1: 1. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. Nasehi et al. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. The best system in the official RepLab 2013 evaluation campaign 2. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. we did not filter based on the concept scores. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. 7 . This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. There are 106 queries in the collection. 4. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. and provide similar products and services e.g. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. The second run is with synonyms. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. 3. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. 1. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. on whether the street is in or near a park. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. Table 1. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. Training Label Set Y0. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. An example is provided in Figure 2. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Query-side ontological propagation. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. We analyzed two affiliation networks. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. We divide our experiments into two parts. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. Fig. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Queries are automatically expanded before search. were detailed earlier in this document. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. Community Value. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Qi et al. To create the user graph cf. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Question Topics. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. , FC7. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. Since this context e.g. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. Pyramid. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. Report-side ontological propagation. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. Projections. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. c TripAdvisor. , BlogPulse and Technorati. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . We recall that experienced community members viz. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. Failure case. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. There are a number of future directions for this work. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. Answers while others could be more general e.g. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. Besides the two systems described in detail in §3.5  , RepLab participation included both supervised and unsupervised techniques. It is not clear. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. 14. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. and WT2g. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. Textual memes. WebKB. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. Data sets. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. As we have seen in our experiments  , a HAC algorithm over term similarity outperforms all the RepLab systems: this is another evidence that corroborates the issue of data sparsity in our Online Reputation Monitoring problem. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. . Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . Applications of social influence in social media. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. which is a global quantity but measured locally. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Data Collection and Cleaning. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. 3 See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. On one hand  , different clustering techniques such as HAC  , VOS clustering 9—a community detection algorithm—and K-star 33 were used by the participants. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. Example 2. In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. 9. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. 12. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. The Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. Analogously to term features  , we compute the semantic features semantic_jaccard  , semantic_lin_cf and semantic_lin_tfidf over the bag-of-entities tweet representation. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. Orkut. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. Edge Density. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. The Stack Overflow ! To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. EM algorithm. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS.