Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. The rest of the order was preserved intact. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. We highlight our contributions and key results below. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. and provide similar products and services e.g. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Neurological: He is awake and alert. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. Data Collection and Cleaning. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. We observe similar trends in Quora. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. Section 6 summarizes related work. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . We describe details below. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. , Walmart  , McDonald's . For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. For getting the informative words  , i.e. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. Orkut is a large social networking website. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. The edge density of this group is 0.476. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. Edge Density. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. , Walmart. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. Recommendations to Groups. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. Answers and Quora. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . Training corpus changes. 2. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. , disk. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. 4  , Requirement 15. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. Spertus et al. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. 1. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. However. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research .  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. , Walmart due to their low cost. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . Quora. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. Example 2. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . 4. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. editors  , actors and CEOs. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. Example. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. com. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink.