Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. </narrative> </topic> Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Pyramid. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. 3. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. Spertus et al. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We recall that experienced community members viz. Community Value.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. We provide more evidence of this below. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Since this context e.g. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. Orkut is a large social networking website. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . WikiWars. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. Projections. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . 3.3. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. It is not clear. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. Nasehi et al. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. We highlight our contributions and key results below. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. 9. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . Voat has more people to talk to. " As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. 4. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Status We measure status in three ways. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. post/pole and wall/fence. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Full-life view for users in Reddit. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. ACSys made that data available in two ways. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Fig. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. 07 and the participant's papers for details. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. , mediaeval history. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. com. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . meet the soft deadline. Relative importance of motivational factors. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. We review related work in TDT briefly here. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. , 2012. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. platform Activity. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. An example is provided in Figure 2. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. Organization and contributions. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. Krizhevsky et al. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. BRIGHTKITE. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. Overflow. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. , 7. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Knowledge enrichment. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . 3 We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. link to a KB task. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. Orkut also offers friend relationship. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. 12. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Orkut is a general purpose social network. Recommendations to Groups. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. Section 4 describes our implementation. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. , age > m is 0. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. The Stack Overflow ! The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. were detailed earlier in this document. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. Failure case. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. WebKB. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. Nasdaq. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. We divide our experiments into two parts. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . and WT2g. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. Orkut. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. Training Label Set Y0. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. Question Topics. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner.