1 Stating the aim of your paper and its contribution
In this report  paper  review  study we .
This paper outlines  proposes  describes  presents a new approach to .
This paper examines  seeks to address  focuses on  discusses  investigates how to solve .
This paper is an overview of  a review of  a report on  a preliminary attempt to .
The present paper aims to validate  call into question  refute findings regarding .
Is presented  described  analyzed  computed  investigated  examined  introduced  discussed in order to .
The aim of our work  research  study  analysis was to further  extend  widen  broaden current knowledge of .
Our knowledge of  is largely based on very limited data. The aim of the research was thus therefore  consequently to.
The aim of this study is to study  evaluate  validate  determine  examine  analyze  calculate estimate  formulate .
This paper calls into question  takes a new look at  re-examines  revisits  sheds new light on .
With this in mind  Within the framework of these criteria  In this context we tried to .
We undertook this study  initiated this research  developed this methodology to .
We believe that we have found  developed  discovered  designed an innovative solution to .
We describe  present  consider  analyze a novel  simple  radical  interesting solution for .

17 Describing purpose of testing  methods used
In order to identify  understand  investigate  study  analyze  .
To enable  allow us to . , we .
To see  determine  check  verify  determine whether .
To control  test for ,  was done.
So that we could  would be able to do , we .
In an attempt  effort to do , we .
Was done  We did  in order to .

19 Describing the apparatus and materials used and their source
The instrument used  utilized  adopted  employed was .
The apparatus consists of  is made up of  is composed of  is based on .
The device was designed  developed  set up in order to .
Incorporates  exploits  makes use of the latest technological advances.
The system comes complete  is equipped  is fully integrated  is fitted with a .
It is mounted on  connected to  attached to  fastened to  fixed to  surrounded by  covered with integrated into  embedded onto  encased in  housed in  aligned with .
It is located in  situated in  positioned on .
Was obtained from  supplied by Big Company Inc.
Was kindly provided  supplied by Prof Big.

20 Reporting software used
The software application  program  package used to analyze the data was.
The data were obtained  collected using SoftGather.
Data management  analysis was performed by  using SoftGather.
Was carried out  performed  analyzed  calculated  determined using .
Statistical significance was analyzed by using  through the use of .
We used commercially available software  a commercially available software package.
Free software, downloaded from  was used  adopted to .

22 Formulating equations, theories and theorems
This problem can be outlined  phrased  posed in terms of .
The problem is ruled by  governed by  related to  correlated to .
This theorem asserts  states that .
The resulting integrals  solution to  can be expressed as .
where T stands for  denotes  identifies  is an abbreviation for time.
By substituting  Substituting  Substitution into .
Combining  Integrating  Eliminating  we have that: .
Taking advantage of  Exploiting  Making use of , we .
On combining this result with , we deduce  conclude that .
Subtracting  from , we have that  obtain  get .
Equation  shows  reveals that
This gives the formal solution  allows a formal solution to be found .
It may easily  simply verified that .
It is straightforward  easy  trivial to verify that .
For the sake of simplicity  reasons of space, we

25 Outlining selection procedure for samples, surveys etc.
The traditional  classical  normal  usual approach to sample collection is to .
The criteria  reasons for selecting  were:
The sample was selected  subdivided on the basis of  and .
The initial sample consisted of  was made up  was composed of .
Approximately  Just over  Slightly under a half  third  quarter of the sample were .
A total of 1234  were recruited for this study  this survey  for interviews.
At the beginning of the study, all of the participants  subjects  patients were aged .
In all cases patients’  subjects’  participants’ consent was obtained.
Interviews were performed  conducted  carried out informally
The interviewees were divided  split  broken down into two groups based on  on the basis of .

29 Describing benefits of your method, equipment etc.
This method represents a viable  valuable  useful  groundbreaking  innovative alternative to .
This equipment has the ability  capacity  potential to outperform all previous .
This apparatus has several  many interesting features  characteristics.
Our method has many interesting  attractive  beneficial  useful  practical  effective  valuable applications.
Of particular  major  fundamental interest is .
The key  basic  chief  crucial  decisive  essential  fundamental  important  main  major principal advantages are:
Our procedure is a clear improvement  advance on current methods.
We believe this solution will aid  assist researchers to .
This solution improves on  enhances  furthers  advances previous methods by .
The benefits  advantages in terms of  far outweigh the disadvantages with regard to .

31 Explaining how you got your results
To assess   evaluate   distinguish between  and ,  was used.
Analysis was used to test  predict  confirm .
Changes in  were identified  calculated  compared using .
The correlation  difference between  and  was tested.
The first set of analyses investigated  examined  confirmed  highlighted the impact of .

33 Stating what you found
These tests revealed  showed  highlighted that .
Strong  Some  No evidence of  was found .
Interestingly  Surprisingly  Unexpectedly, for high values of ,  was found .
There was a significant positive  no correlation between .
On average  Generally speaking  Broadly speaking, we found values for  of .
The average  mean score for  was .
This result is significant only  exclusively at an  level.
Further analysis  analyses  tests  examinations  replications showed that .

34 Stating what you did not find
No significant difference  correlation was found  identified  revealed  detected  observed highlighted between .
There were no significant differences between  and  in terms of   with regard to   as far as  is concerned.
The analysis did not show  reveal  identify  confirm any significant differences between .
None of these differences were  Not one of these differences was statistically significant.
Overall  Taken as a whole  Generally speaking  With a few exceptions, our results show  did not affect .

35 Highlighting significant results and achievements
The most striking  remarkable result to emerge from the data is that .
Interestingly  Curiously  Remarkably  Inexplicably, this correlation is related to ..
Significantly  Importantly  Crucially  Critically,  is .
The correlation between  and  is interesting  of interest  worth noting  noteworthy  worth mentioning because .
The most surprising  remarkable  intriguing correlation is with the .
The single most striking  conspicuous  marked observation to emerge from the data comparison was .
It is interesting  critical  crucial  important  fundamental to note that .
We believe that  As far as we know  As far as we aware this is the first time that  .
We believe that  We are of the opinion that  In our view the result emphasizes the validity of our model.
This result has further strengthened our confidence in   conviction that  is  hypothesis that  is
Our technique shows a clear  clearly has an advantage over .
The importance of  cannot be stressed  emphasized too much.
This underlines  highlights  stresses  proves  demonstrates just how important  is.
The utility of  is thus underlined  highlighted  stressed  proved  demonstrated.
This finding confirms  points to  highlights  reinforces  validates the usefulness of  as a .
Our study provides additional support for  further evidence for  considerable insight into .
These results extend  further  widen our knowledge of .
These results offer compelling  indisputable  crucial  overwhelming  powerful  invaluable unprecedented  unique  vital evidence for .

40 Outlining undesired or unexpected results
As was  might have been expected, our findings were often contradictory .
Contrary to expectations  Unlike other research carried out in this area, we did not find a significant difference between .
Our results were disappointing  poor  inadequate  unsatisfactory  below expectations. However, .
Our study was unsuccessful  not successful in proving that .
Our research failed to account for  justify  explain  give an explanation for  give a reason for the low values of .
Surprisingly  Unfortunately  Disappointingly  Regrettably, no signs of  were  evidence for was found.
What is surprising  we were surprised to find  we are unable to account for is the fact that .
A substantial  appreciable  noticeable disagreement is evident.
The  appear to be over-predicted  overestimated  overstated .
This number is slightly lower than the value we expected  anticipated  predicted and there is certainly room for improvement.

41 Admitting limitations
We aware that our research may have two limitations. The first is . The second is .
These limitations highlight  reveal  underline  are evidence of the difficulty of collecting data on .
It is plausible that a number of limitations may  might  could have influenced the results obtained.
First  To begin with .
An additional  Another possible source of error is .
Since  Given that  As the focus of the study was on  . there is a possibility  there is some likelihood  it is not inconceivable that dissimilar evaluations would have arisen if the focus hadbeen on .
The restricted use of  could account for  be the reason for  explain why .
There are several sources for  causes of  reasons for possible error.
A major source of unreliability  uncertainty  contamination is in the method used to .
Unfortunately, it was not possible  we were unable to investigate the significant relationships of and  further because  due to the fact that  is .
Inevitably  Not surprisingly  As expected  As anticipated, there were some discrepancies inaccuracies  problems due to .
The performance was rather  slightly  a little disappointing. This was probably as a result of .
One downside  disadvantage  negative factor regarding our methodology is that .
Further data collection is required  would be needed to determine exactly how  affects 